Add release notes (#2693)
alibaba/higress: release-notes/2.1.6/README.md

**Usage Instructions**

To enable and configure the Higress API MCP Server, follow these steps:
1. Add the MCP Server configuration in the Higress ConfigMap, specifying the URL, username, and password of the Higress Console.
2. When starting the Higress Gateway, ensure that `mcpServer.enable` is set to `true`.
3. Use the provided tool commands (e.g., `list-routes`, `add-route`) to manage routes, service origins, and plugins.
4. Configuration example:
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: higress-config
  namespace: higress-system
data:
  higress: |-
    mcpServer:
      sse_path_suffix: /sse
      enable: true
      servers:
        - name: higress-api-mcp-server
          path: /higress-api
          type: higress-api
          config:
            higressURL: http://higress-console.higress-system.svc.cluster.local
            username: admin
            password: <password>
```
Notes:
- Ensure that the Higress Console URL, username, and password are correct.
- It is recommended to use environment variables or encrypted storage for the password to enhance security.

**Feature Value**

The Higress API MCP Server brings the following specific benefits to users:

> 1. **Improved Operational Efficiency**: Through a unified API interface, users can more easily manage and configure Higress resources, reducing the complexity and error rate of manual operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Improved Operational Efficiency**: Through a unified MCP interface, users can more conveniently manage and configure Higress resources via AI Agent, reducing the complexity and error rate of manual operations.
```

2. **Enhanced System Flexibility**: Support for dynamic management and updating of routes, service origins, and plugins makes the system more flexible and able to quickly respond to changes in business requirements.
3. **Increased System Stability**: Automated configuration management reduces the possibility of human errors, thereby enhancing the stability and reliability of the system.

> 4. **Easy Integration**: The design of the Higress API MCP Server makes it easy to integrate with other systems and tools, facilitating the construction of a complete automated operations system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Easy Integration**: The design of the Higress API MCP Server makes it easy to integrate with other AI agents and tools, facilitating the construction of a complete automated operations system.
```
